Žodžių, pasikartojusių dažniau nei 1 kartą, sąrašas:
---------------------|-----------------------------------
aldonas              : 2 kartus
archyvuota           : 3 kartus
centrin              : 2 kartus
departamentas        : 4 kartus
duomenys             : 4 kartus
enciklopedij         : 7 kartus
enciklopedija        : 5 kartus
gyvenamosios         : 4 kartus
gyventoj             : 6 kartus
gyventojai           : 2 kartus
i                    : 6 kartus
institutas           : 6 kartus
ir                   : 7 kartus
isbn                 : 3 kartus
kaimo                : 3 kartus
kaunas               : 2 kartus
kopija               : 3 kartus
leidimas             : 2 kartus
leidybos             : 5 kartus
lietuvi              : 2 kartus
lietuvikoji          : 2 kartus
lietuvos             : 13 kartus
machine              : 3 kartus
marija               : 2 kartus
met                  : 4 kartus
mokslo               : 5 kartus
nuoroda              : 2 kartus
of                   : 2 kartus
p                    : 2 kartus
prie                 : 2 kartus
projekto             : 3 kartus
psl                  : 10 kartus
pupkis               : 2 kartus
razmukait            : 2 kartus
redakcija            : 2 kartus
respublikos          : 3 kartus
rus                  : 3 kartus
statistikos          : 7 kartus
suraymo              : 4 kartus
t                    : 7 kartus
tarybin              : 2 kartus
tikrinta             : 2 kartus
tsr                  : 4 kartus
valdyba              : 2 kartus
vietovs              : 4 kartus
vilniaus             : 4 kartus
vilnius              : 19 kartus
vyriausioji          : 2 kartus
wayback              : 3 kartus
